Drop support for GE plugin 3.13 and earlier in Gradle 9 (#32827)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

For Gradle 8.x, the minimum supported version was 7.3.0.

==== Lowest supported Gradle Enterprise Plugin version change

Starting with Gradle 9.0, the minimum supported Gradle Enterprise Plugin version is 3.13.1.
Earlier versions are no longer supported as they rely on Gradle APIs that have been removed.

> Consider upgrading to the latest version of the Gradle Enterprise Plugin, or even better to the latest version of the Develocity Plugin.

Reviewer: 💅  Should we include a link to make this a bit more actionable?

For Gradle 8.x, the minimum supported version was 7.3.0.

==== Lowest supported Gradle Enterprise Plugin version change

Starting with Gradle 9.0, the minimum supported Gradle Enterprise Plugin version is 3.13.1.
Earlier versions are no longer supported as they rely on Gradle APIs that have been removed.
Consider upgrading to the latest version of the Gradle Enterprise Plugin,

> or even better to the latest version of the link:https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/gradle-plugin[Develocity Plugin].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or better yet, upgrade to the latest version of the link:https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/gradle-plugin[Develocity Plugin].
```

> For Gradle 8.x, the minimum supported version was 3.0.

Author: Should we point to the version compatibility matrix [here](https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/compatibility/#build_scans)?
